Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: I said I looked at the arm to see if you show it, and I'm like, oh, it's 12 o'clock, he's not coming but. Then a minute later, I saw because I'm like, I know I sent him a message.
Richelle Direny: To remind him of his appointment and then I guess then they turn around and cancelled it
Richelle Direny: And I said, Okay, I'll put them on my calendar for Friday because I do you typically don't have sessions on Fridays. But I stopped putting them on my calendar for Friday. I'm like, oh, he and he was showing up.
Richelle Direny: One minute later, okay, okay.
Richelle Direny: So hold on, let me get to what I need to use to do your assessment. So given that this is the first time because typically for new patients that I'll see them in group before I do the
Richelle Direny: The their intake. So this is kind of given that this is your first time outside of meeting with the provider. So typically, I'm going to be your counselor.
Richelle Direny: We have groups on Thursdays at 12 noon and at. So kind of going over like an overview of what is to come after this. So we have the intake. I mean,
Richelle Direny: Groups are in Thursdays at noon and at six o'clock, whichever is more convenient or is better for you. It was at 12 o'clock, but I opened it up because I know that noon is
Richelle Direny: I mean six o'clock, people are more available at noon, because in the evening, because of work.
Richelle Direny: So I had the first group yesterday at 12 and
Antonio: That's only on Thursdays.
Antonio: To job on Thursday.
Richelle Direny: What time do you get all four
I go
Antonio: I work from 5am basically to like 2530
Richelle Direny: I'm the one thing that I can recommend is that because it is only on Thursdays.
Richelle Direny: I run a group that is outside of Natalie on Tuesdays at 8pm
Antonio: I definitely do that work. My other job I'm using wednesday thursday Saturday.
Antonio: For like 930
Richelle Direny: So I will let them know
Richelle Direny: And I will let the doctor who I co host with on on the Tuesday night groups to let them know that you'll just come to that group.
Richelle Direny: Because it's very difficult for you to
Richelle Direny: Attend the Thursday groups but yes right now this the only group that she does is on Thursdays and so like I said it's the two groups. So we'll just have to figure out how they'll do your Prescription refills because they're done on a weekly basis.
Richelle Direny: The other part of it is so outside of the group. So that's important. So with a Suboxone maintenance program.
Richelle Direny: You're doing. It's the maintenance. It's not just about them prescribing you giving you the prescription on a weekly basis. It's attending
Richelle Direny: Groups, as well as individual and at the end of our session today, we will, I will make a follow up appointment with you based on your availability date and time and then from there on, we will we will schedule accordingly. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: We always ask if especially when we're doing in group is that you wear a headset.
Richelle Direny: depending on you know the setting that. My background, my setting, I will have like the earbuds
Richelle Direny: Oftentimes I don't really like it, so I'm not gonna sit here. Make it a hard and fast rule I know bright heart.
Richelle Direny: They really want you to wear it. Sometimes I feel like you're watering my head. If I have it in there. But in the group setting because there is multiple people on this platform and they are sharing you know something about themselves.
Richelle Direny: I don't, it's
Richelle Direny: Not going to be confidential. If everyone around you, your background is hearing what they're saying. So we really encourage that you wear your earbuds
Richelle Direny: For individuals, a little bit different. It's your information. But if you're in a room like I'm in a private room.
Richelle Direny: By myself. So that's why I don't wear it. So if you're in a private room by your side, I can understand it. But if you're around other people like you know you'll hear me stop the session that we have here. Jose Antonio the corner so
Richelle Direny: So that's, um, you know where it is. Just like you remember getting a reminder from me on. I think it was Wednesday. Did you remember getting a text saying reminding you of your appointment.
Antonio: No, I really did it out whether the email.
Richelle Direny: It was that they would have met a text message.
Richelle Direny: Hold on one second. Let me hold on.
Richelle Direny: I guess in this time I can, I can see if I sent it to the right number
Antonio: Of my mood every
Richelle Direny: Okay, hold on.
Richelle Direny: Because this is just a few days ago so
Richelle Direny: You would have
Richelle Direny: Its whatever number you provided a few days ago, the number I have for you is 419-610-8924
Antonio: Yes, upload he had
Richelle Direny: It on the first at 158
Antonio: I don't know. I can try to pull it up, but I don't know if I'm saying, Oh, well,
Richelle Direny: No, you can check it later. But the. But that same number. Every time you have an appointment individually with me. I typically send a message, reminding you of your appointment I
Richelle Direny: You'll hear me, even when we meet in a group setting.
Richelle Direny: I labor on the same point of please, please, please.
Richelle Direny: I labor of
Richelle Direny: If you're unable to make a session.
Richelle Direny: Individual or what otherwise just send me a message, letting me know. Hey, Michelle. I'm not going to be able to make our individual appointments scheduled or
Richelle Direny: Media Utley of me sending you the text message that you're not going to be able to make it just say, Hey, I'm not going to maybe to make that appointment. Can you reschedule it, that's fine. I'll do it.
Richelle Direny: If the date of that's fine, I'll do it now. I mean, of course, I don't want every single time that we're supposed to meet. I'm getting it on the date of 10 minutes or an hour before
Richelle Direny: But I do understand. But if you just let me know that you're if you if you know show and I see consecutive no shows to our individual appointments or even so group.
Richelle Direny: Then the Natalie will bridge the script rich means that you won't get your full week's worth of prescription how you're supposed to get it. Okay.
Richelle Direny: So those are kind of the things that I just kind of want to go over that's, you know, a requirement of the program.
Richelle Direny: I just want to go over some of those things. Today's session is what is called a bio psychosocial. It's kind of like an intake and it's just information. It's me, just getting your history.
Richelle Direny: Your history of your addiction, how long you've, you know, on this this road of addiction. Now you're on this new journey of being in recovery.
Richelle Direny: And just your history family history and everything. And then at the end, we'll make an appointment for your new your follow up session in a week or so. Okay.
Antonio: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Have any questions so far.
Antonio: No, there's like, oh yeah, I do. Actually, I do. I'm, I'm actually of course not working right now. And neither one of my job. But I mean, of course, I think I could do Thursdays. Right now we're just trying to make it to the client.
Richelle Direny: I mean, if you ever come Thursday, you are not working then just come on
Antonio: I know I'm not working next
Richelle Direny: Okay, so if you're assigned group is on Thursday. If it's better for you at 12 or it's six just come to either one of them. So just do that consistently. The minute you're unable to come to your Thursday assigned group.
Richelle Direny: Due to work, then just let me know. So I can expect you in the next group.
Richelle Direny: Okay, um,
Richelle Direny: Alright, so let's just get started. So in going over everything. Like I said, you know, everything is how confidential it we are on a recorded Pro. This is a recorded session so
Richelle Direny: It is, you know, everyone that is a part of the team would be privy but overall it is kept confidential.
Richelle Direny: All of our sessions groups individuals. Everything is recorded session and everything. If you do share something that is either
Richelle Direny: You, you're saying, or you're feeling that you want to hurt yourself or someone else and you have an active plan then that point you know confidentially kind of goes out the door. Now we have to lead other steps. Okay, so if you can just start by sharing um
Richelle Direny: What is what brought you to bright heart.
Antonio: By drinking
Antonio: Basically
Richelle Direny: How long I'm
Richelle Direny: That's your only thing is that the drinking
Antonio: Love. I'm a marijuana
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Antonio: Well, for that.
Richelle Direny: When did you start, when did your own your addiction alcohol. How old were you kind of what was surrounding that.
Antonio: Are like
Antonio: Between there and
Antonio: It was his friends that I have around. No.
Antonio: And as you start getting worse.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so the company that you you you kept is one
Antonio: Yeah, I mean, I think. And of course, I mean, I
Antonio: Should have
Antonio: Done my own thing. But you know, I think it was me. I was around mostly
Richelle Direny: And when did the. How old were you when you started when you're you develop the addiction to the alcohol.
Antonio: Right, like 2324
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Around that time giving friends influence
Richelle Direny: The addiction to alcohol.
Richelle Direny: Where did you start with anything else involved, whether it be opiates outside of the marijuana anything else.
No.
Richelle Direny: No.
Richelle Direny: How many, how many drinks. How many times a day. Would you drink.
Antonio: Three to four years.
Antonio: Sometimes
Antonio: Like liquor.
Richelle Direny: Was more beer.
Antonio: Was both
Richelle Direny: What is your highest
Richelle Direny: Highest level. Have you ever gone in any type of treatment before inpatient or outpatient treatment.
Antonio: I've been to a patient treatment.
Richelle Direny: As an alcohol addiction.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, and how long was it
Antonio: I'm free.
Richelle Direny: What's the name of the program.
Antonio: Remember I know was that the center I
Antonio: Forget the name of the program, but it was a name for
Antonio: Remember,
Antonio: Center.
Richelle Direny: And that was in since the age of that was the only I'm impatient that you've been in
For the three months you
Antonio: Know, I've been a human.
Antonio: Not human
Richelle Direny: Human DOM.
Richelle Direny: And that was what I inpatient
Antonio: Outpatient to those groups within group I did look there and I went to the center.
Richelle Direny: Okay. And when you were discharged from the inpatient, did you go to an outpatient that you had a follow up with
Antonio: No.
Richelle Direny: No.
Antonio: Well, it's me outpatient like wanted
Richelle Direny: you're impatient for a few months after you get discharged they recommend like you go to an IoT where you go a couple days a week or outpatient program where you go to different groups you meet with a counselor.
Antonio: Our place in the outpatient and you meet up and ended up my thing, both with outpatient
Richelle Direny: Well inpatient is where you're there at the facility for a few for a while.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, necessarily involved in the outside world, you're like, it's almost like a hospital or treatment program that you're in.
No.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so that they were outpatient programs thing because you went, you went, you went in you. You went home every day.
Richelle Direny: Right. Okay. So then that's okay.
Richelle Direny: Um, what is your highest level of education. I
Antonio: Graduated in high school.
Antonio: Year in college, but I didn't finish college
Richelle Direny: Okay. And, um, do you have any underlining medical issues as it relates to even
Richelle Direny: The alcohol addiction.
No.
No medical
Antonio: No. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Or do you have any legal pending are pending legal charges are you on probation.
Antonio: I'm on probation.
Richelle Direny: For the out for the DUIs
Right.
Richelle Direny: And are you were, you were referred you weren't referred to by heart through the program.
Antonio: Yes.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so a part of your probation, is that you have to and follow through. Okay.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: Now, how long are you on probation for
A year.
Richelle Direny: With successful completion of this program.
He's
Antonio: Most likely best. Yes.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: All right then. Now let's talk about your, your psyche history. Do you have a history of or were you ever diagnosed with a mental illness.
Antonio: Know,
Richelle Direny: And I'll know mental in you were in the outpatient program, were you seeing a therapist or psychiatrist.
Antonio: No.
Richelle Direny: You weren't seeing doing individual therapy when you were in the program.
No.
Richelle Direny: Just group that's all you did was go screw.
Antonio: Yeah.
Antonio: Yeah yeah
And
Antonio: I mean, I see somebody like you, I mean I seemed like it was a one on one. But then, with the group.
Richelle Direny: So you didn't see you did do one on one counts.
Antonio: Right, maybe like
Antonio: Does it sign up for it. Yeah, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Oh, that was excellent. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Do you have any kind of history of suicide attempts.
Richelle Direny: No ever tried to hurt yourself in any way.
No.
Richelle Direny: No current or Pat. Well, you said no past. So no current thoughts of suicide or homicidal thoughts towards anyone or anything like that. No. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Are you on any medication.
Richelle Direny: No medication at all.
Antonio: No, I was mad surgery.
Richelle Direny: How long ago did you have surgery.
Antonio: Little
Antonio: Three months ago, two months ago.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and the medication you're no longer on those medication.
Antonio: No, it was only like charges for the pain.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and you're no longer on those Percocet.
Know,
Richelle Direny: How many milligrams, who are you taking well
Antonio: I try, I try not to. Because I don't like pills. But yeah, when I was in that little pain as much as a couple of
Richelle Direny: 30, if I may ask, what kind of started. Did you boil
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. Now, you said that I'm
Richelle Direny: Now you said that you didn't like take it. So you're taking through this program. You're doing, you're on, you're doing them Suboxone
Antonio: Go was
Richelle Direny: What okay are you gonna during this program or they prescribing you anything.
Antonio: Oh no, that's over with no that's done. It was only 21, it was only a 10 day like pain that I was going to be filling a little
Richelle Direny: No, but I'm saying with bright heart. Are you going to be taking any medication with bright heart no
Richelle Direny: So, so. Okay, so this is just for you to see to do the therapy to meet with me or are you going to be taking be prescribed anything
Antonio: No, not being prescribed no medication. I don't
Richelle Direny: Know,
Antonio: I don't mean on Medicaid. I'm fine.
Antonio: Medication for what
Richelle Direny: Know is asking, so I have to find out, like I was just asking if you are going to be prescribed any kind of medication.
Antonio: Oh, no, no.
Antonio: No.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Now, in terms of family history of mental illness. Do you have any are your parents still alive. Mom and Dad.
Antonio: Yeah, they are.
Richelle Direny: They have any history of substance abuse.
Antonio: My dad. Yes.
Antonio: What's his mom. My mom.
Richelle Direny: And your dad does one
Is smoke.
Antonio: smoke crack
Antonio: Drinking whatever you do.
Richelle Direny: Active they're still actively
Antonio: My mom. She drinks. Sometimes, but not really a wine drinker.
Antonio: She's not really know but she's going to buy my dad. I don't know what he does, right.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: You're still in contact you live close to them.
Antonio: Oh yeah, my mom.
Richelle Direny: Or your parents are no longer together.
Antonio: No, never been
Richelle Direny: There never they've never been together like that. Yeah. How did you come about it.
Antonio: Are you are you crazy, right, my bad.
Richelle Direny: We're not in any type of long term relationship.
Richelle Direny: I'm sure, Antonio, they thought about this guy.
Antonio: Right, yeah.
Antonio: Yeah.
Yeah.
Antonio: Yes, I do.
Richelle Direny: Through mom and dad or
Antonio: Mom and Dad I got another brother.
Richelle Direny: That same parents. Yes.
Richelle Direny: Two kids came out of it. Yeah. Was together.
Richelle Direny: Longer than two years.
Like
Antonio: A year and a half, apart from me so yeah you right
Richelle Direny: Yeah, they weren't married
Richelle Direny: Let's put it like that. They weren't married. All right, all right. There was something but they weren't married
Antonio: Yeah.
Antonio: Yeah, right.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Um, now on their part is there, you said that there's no history of mental illness depression know diagnosable
Antonio: So, Mr McClaren
I'm
Antonio: Not that. No, no, no, no thanks. So
Richelle Direny: What about your brother.
Antonio: Well, my brother, he, he was in prison for 30 years when you're 18
Antonio: So at
Richelle Direny: Age of 18 he went to prison for 13 and a half years.
Yeah.
Antonio: We just got off December 5 so
Antonio: First case for a stroll ever
Richelle Direny: Haha
Antonio: That's the first time we ever got in trouble so
Richelle Direny: What was it related to the substances.
Antonio: It was something that they went to a store.
Antonio: in Columbus, Ohio.
Antonio: Rob, try to rob the place people movie stuff.
Richelle Direny: Wow 13 and a half years for robbing well
Antonio: Yeah yeah 20
Richelle Direny: Oh, wow. Wow. Um, now you don't know of him having any kind of mental illness.
Antonio: Oh, when we were growing up. No.
Antonio: Losses before that happened but you know now that he got out, you know, is
Antonio: Of course, it's different.
Antonio: It's different. I mean, you could be internet only want to get that
Antonio: But growing up like school wide and stuff. You never have it.
Antonio: Wasn't like that but you know you got mixed up in the wrong choice.
Antonio: Now,
Richelle Direny: You said, Now what
Antonio: But now he's kind of you know what I mean. So that that jail mentality.
Antonio: Where somebody
Antonio: That you know that,
Antonio: He lives.
Antonio: He
Antonio: He was living in my city, Columbus.
Antonio: 55 minutes away.
Richelle Direny: So he looks closer to what your mom or your dad.
Antonio: Neither one
Richelle Direny: Now you don't do you. What about extended family like your grandparents on either side family either side.
Antonio: Yeah, both of my
Antonio: grandmother's on my mom's side. My grandfather on my mom's side to
Richelle Direny: Do they have a history of substance abuse or mental illness.
Know,
Richelle Direny: Do you have any work or were you ever married, are you married
No.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, how many children.
Richelle Direny: No. No. And do you feel you live alone.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: Now you said that you have. Do you have any DUIs. Have you had
Antonio: Low. This would be my third one, but they didn't charge me. Would it be why
Antonio: Do I have to bed. Well,
Antonio: I didn't get charged with it, but I got charged with a physical control.
Richelle Direny: So you got charged with what
Antonio: Physical control over.
Antonio: What to do
Antonio: I don't know if something Lord in a DUI just not visible control you. That means you like
Antonio: Yeah, you lost control, no.
Richelle Direny: Gotcha, gotcha. Um, and so this is the first time you've been on probation with
Richelle Direny: How many patients or how many times have you been incarcerated and placed on probation.
Antonio: I'm
Antonio: Twice.
Antonio: About you.
Antonio: Go ahead. I used to get like charges from drinking during Prohibition.
Richelle Direny: Got you. And so how long was your last probation.
Antonio: A year.
Richelle Direny: A year and now. So this new probation is a year as well.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and now you've said that in the past. You've had you haven't had any
Antonio: Anyone
Richelle Direny: Counseling one on one counseling.
Richelle Direny: As it's related, you know, you're, you're
Richelle Direny: The alcohol abuse or being on the probation anything
Antonio: I think I have with this woman like twice or three times, but not like weekly or nothing like that.
Richelle Direny: So how long was the counseling.
Antonio: Maybe two weeks.
Antonio: I never even knew
Antonio: About two weeks. I guess I was fine enough for me to go here and we never end up having one on one counseling.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so did. So let's just think about this overall up until this of your life have you have, have you ever had.
Richelle Direny: Um, continuous consistent one on one individual counseling to address the underlying issues to the alcohol of you.
Know,
Richelle Direny: Okay, well, you bet to engage in some Intel me
Antonio: I know
Richelle Direny: You can't be having Beijing after probation and then you drink it on the probation.
Antonio: I know no man I'm going yeah a lot of money. Oh my God, through a
Antonio: Little time on this stuff.
Richelle Direny: Is going through for the password.
Antonio: With probation and fines and drinking and taxes and disorderly conduct and I'll 1012 years
Richelle Direny: Do you think that there is, um,
Richelle Direny: Something within you that you need to address some issues that you need to address that you use the alcohol to suppress
Antonio: Yeah.
Antonio: Sometimes, yeah.
Antonio: Yeah yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: I mean, well, all of those things that you just said it sounds like you got a whole demon that you're battling with that you haven't really come term face to face with the dressing.
Antonio: Think about all the time.
Richelle Direny: I mean, sounds like you got to get a third job to pay all these different things.
Antonio: So we know the times.
Antonio: You work for three bass.
Richelle Direny: Sounds like what it is.
Richelle Direny: I mean, it's a, you know, it's really, really up to you. You know, you can
Richelle Direny: If you want to be saved from yourself and all of the things the unresolved issues that you're battling with you have to come head to head with them so that you can start working for free.
Richelle Direny: And having that background.
Richelle Direny: With your parents. That is an addict. Mom, you know, having her history of alcohol abuse, maybe childhood.
Richelle Direny: You happy is there I'm growing up doing was there any abuse was our physical, sexual mental, verbal
Antonio: Mostly like
Antonio: Physical and mental with my step dad, you know, she was around for 12 years he was terrible. See, you know, even, you know, I mean, I understand we was bad kids, but the physical abuse about being a kid, you know, they have to come off.
Antonio: As awesome, you know,
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: Was it was it to the point where we're like, did the child protective services ever get involved.
Well,
Antonio: Honestly, no, no, no, it was
Antonio: I don't think they ever really knows. You know, and my mom was physically abused, you know. Oh.
Richelle Direny: Oh, so she was in a domestic violence relationship or she was physically abused by her parents
Antonio: Bye. No. BYE BYE MY STUFF THAT
Richelle Direny: Oh, so she was being abused.
Antonio: Right, my stuff we seen stuff like that you know is that it was like, you know, he
Antonio: traumatizes all you know, for I think
Antonio: Try to make it
Antonio: Is trying to make us like you know be
Antonio: Good people be man, but you could ask you, I mean goes the wrong way don't have to do it.
Richelle Direny: Well for 12 years are they still together. No.
Oh,
Richelle Direny: Okay. Um, did
Richelle Direny: You how did she just leave the relationship. He just left the relationship
Richelle Direny: You love okay and
Richelle Direny: Do you have
Richelle Direny: Now, does she ever get help for the domestic violence.
Antonio: I'm
Antonio: Probably CL WAS JOHN. No, I was
Antonio: Not really belt. We left what
Antonio: It was 1314
Richelle Direny: Okay, and you, you are born and raised in column in Ohio.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: Sounds like I'm
Richelle Direny: Sounds like there is some maybe post traumatic stress disorder that's there for you because you said that that was a lot that you guys went through what you see
Antonio: Oh yeah, definitely.
Antonio: Yeah. Was it was
Antonio: You know,
Richelle Direny: When did you start smoking marijuana
Antonio: I think it was my turn.
Richelle Direny: So between the ages of what 1819 that's when the smoking and drinking started
Antonio: Yeah, maybe we have maybe had a few drinks 17. But that's when I started. Yeah, I was young 1718 in between us. I say 17
Antonio: Mostly
Richelle Direny: Okay, so both parents they mom is by herself. And that is out of the picture. And it's just kind of everybody's living their own individual lives.
Antonio: Yeah, me and my mom like sisters and brother, we all stay close. No man we
Antonio: Come
Antonio: We go visit each other. My dad side and my grandmother and stuff. But yeah, my dad, my mom step that
Antonio: So anyway.
Antonio: I mean all me and my siblings, we will close
Richelle Direny: So you only have the brother, you have other siblings.
Antonio: I love my mom but they had different dads.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and you're close with them.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, and do they have a history of substance abuse or mental illness.
Antonio: Much my sister. She drinks a little bit my brother. He drinks little brother. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so you're not the eldest
Know,
Richelle Direny: How many total
Richelle Direny: Four siblings outside of so your mom has a total of five kids.
Antonio: No, we have four together all together.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. So you have your brother and two sisters
Antonio: Three boys and one girl.
Richelle Direny: Gotcha, gotcha, gotcha.
Richelle Direny: And do they do you have nieces and nephews.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: Now for you. What is your goal in being in this program and knowing what Reinhardt offers what our program offers. What is your goal.
Antonio: My goal is to
Antonio: Really learn learn. I mean, I know about myself and I know
Antonio: That I mean
Antonio: I just want to learn more about why do after you know, you still have to drink too much, then
Antonio: Try not to
Antonio: Get out that this
Antonio: Situation about drinking and stuff. I don't know.
Richelle Direny: You want to be able to address the to understand what drives your drinking and suppressing everything
Richelle Direny: Just to understand the whole dynamic of that.
Antonio: Thanks so much, and then
Antonio: And dragon. Don't give me nowhere and I just
Antonio: Figure out
Antonio: A way to get away from it, I know it was making me not be able to sleep all the time, you know,
Richelle Direny: Okay, gotcha.
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: I mean, I definitely would recommend. So do you want to be able to decrease the drinking. Now how long. When was the last time you've had
Antonio: So much rain.
Antonio: March 8 ninth and eighth, eighth and ninth. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: What is your support system like
Antonio: Real good is just
Antonio: I gotta do what you know.
Antonio: Is it
Richelle Direny: Um, let me ask you what what days. Are you a bit. Well, right now, you said you're not working. So you're pretty much available any day to do to do individual sessions.
Richelle Direny: Right, okay.
Richelle Direny: Would say we could let me let me schedule. The next appointment with you. Hold on.
Richelle Direny: I would recommend let's meet weekly weekly, but I have to look at my calendar to see to be able to do that.
Richelle Direny: Monday the 13th 13th 13th. Let's meet at noon.
Sorry.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so let our next follow up appointment be on the 13th at noon I just put you on my calendar. I'll send you
Richelle Direny: I'll send you a reminder of that appointment.
Richelle Direny: Antonio. What's your last name.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so I'm gonna put you on my calendar for Monday the 13th at, um,
Richelle Direny: At noon and then there we will kind of go over your treatment plan your goal will go a little bit more in depth in your goals and then from there we can start making consistent schedule and how we're going to meet. OK.
Antonio: OK.
Richelle Direny: OK, so now I guess is your first time that you're really going to be doing individual going to be no two weeks, it's gonna be
Richelle Direny: You to stay
Richelle Direny: To maintain your probation and not get violated.
Antonio: No, no.
Antonio: No, I know I ok
Richelle Direny: I know it's it's going to be hard. It's going to be a struggle. Definitely. We're working on building your support system identifying
Richelle Direny: You know when you really feel that you're having a hard time who you reach to who you call on
Richelle Direny: You know, encourage, especially after all of this quarantining to encourage you to go to out. Do you go to
Richelle Direny: Do you go to a groups.
Antonio: No.
Richelle Direny: Okay, we're going to encourage because I know you got to pay a fee for probation.
Yeah.
Antonio: Lots of see
Richelle Direny: Yes, you see that lots of fees and I know the probation states.
Richelle Direny: Drinking no fire alarm know a whole lot of stuff that's on that list.
Antonio: Know, made a serious to go. I can't. Yeah, I can. Yeah. And I don't, I don't, I'm not doing jail time. I'm cool. I got
Richelle Direny: You will try your best. You're going to try your best to do that because I know them adults IPOs they sometimes I'm sure they do pop up tests on you. They do the breathalyzers
Richelle Direny: You'll never know. And it might just be that one day that you just the side. Life has gotten the best for you and you go sit on some Hennessy or something and then not not do this test.
Antonio: Before
Richelle Direny: I tell you. So speaking of what I know.
Richelle Direny: That can
Richelle Direny: And I know them adult probation officers, ain't no joke.
Antonio: Right and
Antonio: I need to get it. I got you. I need to get it together.
Richelle Direny: You're going to try your best. You're going to try your best. Because when you get to that point in life where you say enough is enough. And I need to get it together. That's when the temptation becomes the greatest
Richelle Direny: influence how you that's when you're the minute you say I want to make a change. That's when the temptations becomes the greatest
Richelle Direny: And that's when you feel like you can't really fight the fight. And that's when you're craving in the taste for anything becomes overwhelming and you get into it.
Antonio: No, I'm not gonna do that.
Richelle Direny: You're going to try
Richelle Direny: Right minute you say I'm not willing to do something, you get off this phone and your mouth start salivating for something
It is what it is. It's like
Antonio: Yeah, you're right.
Richelle Direny: The minute you say I any go see look like I got, I got a cup of coffee. I say, You know, I'm not gonna I'm gonna stop drinking this coffee and guess what
Richelle Direny: Before time I used to drink the coffee here. The minute I say I ain't gonna drink more coffee that coffee come all the way up to here and then it'd be overflowing. That'd be sip, sip in important more
Antonio: Human thing.
Richelle Direny: You, man. You got it. You have to accept in come to reality and own the fact that we're human, and we're likely to fall into temptation in
Richelle Direny: Form. But what brings us to that moment. The minute we come to that place where we say enough is enough. And I'm sick and tired of something
Richelle Direny: That's when the temptation becomes the greatest because right now you got shackles on your feet. You're in bondage. And the minute you say I no longer want to be in bondage without realizing it without it being aware of it.
Richelle Direny: We put ourselves deeper and deeper in bondage. And when you get to that point, you're like, Oh my God, what am I doing, how can I pull myself out of it. So,
Richelle Direny: We have to just acknowledge that we're human, I want to change how can I do those changes. And you have to be willing, how do you do it, you started off, you came to my session at 12 o'clock.
Richelle Direny: See I lost
Richelle Direny: I didn't even know you and I lost faith in you and now you regain that
Richelle Direny: You're trying to you.
Antonio: Know,
Richelle Direny: You were there, you was there. And so that's number one. And we're going to meet again and we're going to talk about it because the reality of it is, is you can you can understand epidemic ology you can understand. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Alcohol is a addictive disease, whatever you could call it whatever you want. But when it's all said and done, it's not a disease that was inflicted upon you at birth. It was something
Richelle Direny: That you learned to do over time to deal with the issues that you have the past trauma senior mom being abuse you getting abused, your brother going to jail, all of these different things. Your dad being an added
Richelle Direny: All of your dad your biological not being there senior mom struggle to raise all her children. Maybe the where you grew up in having to deal with all of that you suppress all of those feelings and emotions and you suppress that with your cup of sweet juice.
Antonio: Right.
Richelle Direny: What I'm saying
Antonio: Exactly. Definitely.
Richelle Direny: One cup after it. Oh it tastes a real good and you keep going. You keep going, keep going. And guess what before
Richelle Direny: You know, you know, every, you know, the thoughts. You know the feeling you're having this out of body experience you cool you relax when you smoke yo yo stuff.
Richelle Direny: Right. Life is wonderful. No, it's not.
Richelle Direny: Because once you sober up that appeal gonna be sitting that don't be like What's up, Antonio,
Know,
Richelle Direny: Horrible. So that's how we gonna get deeper into it through our one on one counseling. Okay. Yeah.
Antonio: Thank you.
Richelle Direny: All right, until you I will see you on the 13th and I'll send you a reminder. Okay. You have any questions for me.
Antonio: No, I don't.
Antonio: Say, safe and have a good weekend.
Richelle Direny: You too. Have a good one. Thanks for coming.
By